README.md, before:

# BookStore

BookStore is a website that gives the users the ability to:

- Add and delete books.
- Track reading process.

## Built With

- HTML

- CSS

- JavaScript

- React JS

- Webpack

- Lighthouse (An open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages. It has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more).

- Webhint (A customizable linting tool that helps you improve your site's accessibility, speed, cross-browser compatibility, and more by checking your code for best practices and common errors).

- Stylelint (A mighty, modern linter that helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in your styles).

- ESlint (A mighty, modern linter that helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in JavaScript codes)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- copy this link `git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`.
- get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
- open the command prompt in this directory.
- write `git clone git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`.
- go to the repository folder in your command prompt `cd react-bookstore`
- use `npm install` to install the dependencies.
- use `npm start` to start live server.

## Prerequisites

- Have a working and updated browser
- Have a local version control like **git** install on your computer
- Have an account and sign in on GitHub, as online/remote version control system
- Basic knowledge in JS and React JS

## Setup

-Clone the git repo using this command: **`git clone git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`**

## Run tests

- **npx hint .** : To test html codes
- **npx stylelint "**/\*.{css,scss}"\*\* : To test css code
- **npx eslint .** : To test Eslint Report

## to test the application

> npm install --save-dev jest

> npm test

## Live Demo

- [Go live](https://exquisite-meerkat-9e66b5.netlify.app/)

## Author

👤 **Eid Hachem**

- GitHub: [@EidHachem](https://github.com/EidHachem)
- Twitter: [@eidHachem1](https://twitter.com/@eidHachem1)
- LinkedIn: [Eid Hachem](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eid-hachem/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone who will take a glance to this project

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add styles to match zeplin template

README.md, after:

# BookStore

BookStore is a website that gives the users the ability to:

- Add and delete books.
- Track reading process.

## Built With

- HTML

- CSS

- JavaScript

- React JS

- Webpack

- Lighthouse (An open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages. It has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more).

- Webhint (A customizable linting tool that helps you improve your site's accessibility, speed, cross-browser compatibility, and more by checking your code for best practices and common errors).

- Stylelint (A mighty, modern linter that helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in your styles).

- ESlint (A mighty, modern linter that helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in JavaScript codes)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- copy this link `git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`.
- get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
- open the command prompt in this directory.
- write `git clone git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`.
- go to the repository folder in your command prompt `cd react-bookstore`
- use `npm install` to install the dependencies.
- use `npm start` to start live server.

## Prerequisites

- Have a working and updated browser
- Have a local version control like **git** install on your computer
- Have an account and sign in on GitHub, as online/remote version control system
- Basic knowledge in JS and React JS

## Setup

-Clone the git repo using this command: **`git clone git@github.com:EidHachem/react-bookstore.git`**

## Run tests

- **npx hint .** : To test html codes
- **npx stylelint "**/\*.{css,scss}"\*\* : To test css code
- **npx eslint .** : To test Eslint Report

## to test the application

> npm install --save-dev jest

> npm test

## Live Demo

- [Go live](https://exquisite-meerkat-9e66b5.netlify.app/)

## Author

👤 **Eid Hachem**

- GitHub: [@EidHachem](https://github.com/EidHachem)
- Twitter: [@eidHachem1](https://twitter.com/@eidHachem1)
- LinkedIn: [Eid Hachem](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eid-hachem/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- The design was inspired by Zeplin project `Bookstore CMS`

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
